Michael Hoefer: Hello.
Anna Bakhmatova: Thank you for meeting with me. I'm sorry. I look like absolute crap right now.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, it's fine, no problem. Can you hear and see me okay
Michael Hoefer: Perfectly. Okay, great.
Anna Bakhmatova: Just an FYI, at some point, I might need to like sneak away because my family's completely not understanding about my addiction and are completely against me using Suboxone and it's just been a nightmare.
Michael Hoefer: Oh wow, okay. So if that happens, what will what will happen.
Anna Bakhmatova: Just need a second or two, just so I can sneak away from the house for a minute.
Anna Bakhmatova: Okay, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: All right, well, um, anyway, I'm a psychiatrist working with Brian heartfelt, it's really nice to be to
Anna Bakhmatova: Teach you
Michael Hoefer: We will have about 30 to 40 minutes today to talk about your OB abuse but also your medical and psychiatric history.
Michael Hoefer: And come up with a plan together.
Anna Bakhmatova: Great, thank you.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, can you start by telling me how you heard about help
Anna Bakhmatova: Um, so I actually reached out to marine treatment center which is our local methadone clinic and right now it's kind of out of the question for me to go to a methadone clinic. My family's had me quarantine for 33 days at home.
Anna Bakhmatova: And I just can't leave the house is not an option. And I she actually connected me with Jeffrey at marine General Hospital here in our area.
Anna Bakhmatova: And he told me about bright heart and that that's an option, you know, to get it sent to my home, rather than going out. So this was just the perfect thing for me.
Anna Bakhmatova: And really trying to get clean. I've been on opiates for six years. And I just, I'm done. You know, I lost two friends last week to opiate overdose email, it's just it's a nice reality check that. I don't want to die at 30 you know
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, and especially with you know better, they'll be more and more things. It's just
Anna Bakhmatova: That's, that's what's scary. You don't know where the fentanyl is and you can easily overdose any minute. You know, so it's just scary and I don't want to lose my life and I'm trying to straighten myself up and get back on track. You know, so this is the best option.
Michael Hoefer: Excellent. Well, I'm glad you're getting connected and you've already given me a lot of really helpful information so
Michael Hoefer: We might be useful for me to start is kind of, when was the first time you ever had an opiate and what was it for
Anna Bakhmatova: That was about six years ago and it started with like it in the first year, but then like didn't wasn't strong enough. So my
Anna Bakhmatova: boyfriend at the time and I started using roxy's and then roxy's just became way too expensive of a habit because we were buying 15 and 16 pills a day.
Anna Bakhmatova: At 30 a piece, you know, so it was just way too much and so we switched to heroin. About two years ago. And we've just been using it since. And it's been so hard to get off of
Michael Hoefer: Having tried
Anna Bakhmatova: I've actually tried three different times and all three times. I ended up in the emergency room because it was throwing up so much. I couldn't breathe.
Anna Bakhmatova: So I know I can't do this without Suboxone because I've actually tried Suboxone when I haven't had any opiates and it's the only thing that's helped me not feel the withdrawals, but not get high. At the same time, you know,
Michael Hoefer: Excellent. So it's been helpful for you in the past. What was the longest time you've been on Suboxone
Anna Bakhmatova: I'd say about two weeks, but then you know I'm surrounded by a bunch of users. You know, so obviously I just relapsed and just gave up on quitting completely, but with this quarantine have been alone, you know, and
Anna Bakhmatova: It's much, it's a great opportunity to stop. You know, there's no better time than now.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, like that. It's like, it's like a silver lining trying to
Michael Hoefer: Like what's the
Anna Bakhmatova: What's the current crazy scenario of the world ending around this, you know, it would be the best time to start, you know,
Anna Bakhmatova: When I'm too scared to go to the hospital or anything, because at first, Jeffrey asked me to come to marine general hospital and they said, that's just out of the question. You know what a wonderful family at home and
Anna Bakhmatova: God forbid I get the corona, you know, and pass it along. I can lose a lot of family members right now and I don't want to risk that
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And then as far as the heroin use, how are you using the heroin.
Anna Bakhmatova: I just smoking. I've never shot up never want to. I know I would like it way too much and I'm way too scared that I would OD right away when I tried it. So it's been too scared to do it and I'm happy I never did it.
Anna Bakhmatova: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, that's good. Yes. And do you, do you have any sense. Like when you guys, you know, get your heroin. Is there any sense of, do people say it's with it as fentanyl or not, or do you ever purposely by fentanyl. How does
Anna Bakhmatova: Run. So I actually I've learned
Anna Bakhmatova: It. I know it's horrible to say, and I'm doing my best to be honest, but it is embarrassing.
Anna Bakhmatova: I actually lived in San Francisco, most of my life and I know like the whole tenderloin area where all the drugs are
Anna Bakhmatova: And I've learned that if you go to the Hondurans they're the only ones that have the pure
Anna Bakhmatova: Black, you know, pure heroin and stuff that's not laced with fentanyl so I've been going to them for two years. And I mean, I've never overdosed have never
Anna Bakhmatova: never had any issues, you know, so I know I'm getting decent stuff that's not laced with fentanyl that's going to kill me. You know, so
Michael Hoefer: You seek out the Herald like specifically heroin.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, I am too scared of fentanyl honestly I tried it once and I was scared. I was going to OD because of how many people are dying around me from it. So I just too scared to touch it and I've just been using heroin for two years.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And can you just explain to me some of the ways that your heroin uses cause problems in your life like things that its cost you and
Anna Bakhmatova: So honestly, my whole life has fallen apart, since I've started using I had a really, really good job. I was getting 30 an hour.
Anna Bakhmatova: I was working full time and I lost the job because he was withdrawing at work. And I mean, people aren't stupid. They can see when you're not doing well, and especially when you're withdrawing, you can't
Anna Bakhmatova: You know, you can't just put on a brave face and go to work and be fine. So I mean, they're not stupid. They knew what was going on. And it really hurt to lose that job because that was the highest paying job I've ever had.
Anna Bakhmatova: With no you know degree. So, it's, it's just disappointing and
Anna Bakhmatova: I've really let my family down. I know. My family's really disappointed in me but partially because they don't understand addiction at all. So that's really hard in itself. I live in Soviet Russia.
Anna Bakhmatova: With three generations of Russians in the house. You know, so they just have no emotion whatsoever and know understanding for addiction. So it's been really tough.
Michael Hoefer: They understand our holiday. No.
Anna Bakhmatova: No, I mean they've never really had issues with addiction in their life. You know, so it's harder for them to understand, but like, even with Suboxone my mom.
Anna Bakhmatova: Was fighting with me last week and saying, you're absolutely not going to use Suboxone and I tried to explain to her. It's not to get hired. So I'm not sick.
Anna Bakhmatova: Not definitely ill and I'm able to sleep and eat and drink, you know,
Anna Bakhmatova: Last week I went, four days without sleeping, eating or drinking because it was wrong with withdrawing so badly. So I ended up relapsing because there was no Suboxone obviously
Anna Bakhmatova: And I'm just scared because withdrawals are about to start again. And obviously my family can't see me withdrawing right now because they think I got past the worst of it, but they have no idea. You know, so it's just really tough.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And, um, any, any legal issues at all from your obedience.
Anna Bakhmatova: Um, so, so I got a DUI for weed in California. When weeds legal which does not make any damn sense, especially since I was sober. When I got arrested. So that's just great.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, the town. I live in. We have all the rookie cops in the whole Bay Area, you know, so their ticket hungry assholes pardon my French.
Anna Bakhmatova: But, but they just they completely screwed me over. They ruin my record with the weed DUI and then a couple months ago my ex my fiance right now. He
Anna Bakhmatova: Actually, so I was really tired that day, this was like two months ago and I told him, please do not smoke in the car. I'm going to take a nap. I'm exhausted and some lady walked by and called the paramedics on us and said that I was odd from needles in my car.
Anna Bakhmatova: So I woke up to two empties at my windows asking me if I'm odd on needles and I just couldn't believe it, you know, and didn't take it seriously.
Anna Bakhmatova: And then right after they walked away two cops are at my window.
Anna Bakhmatova: And my my fiance has the foil on the floor. And I'm like, looking at him, staring at him with daggers, you know, like, cover it up, you know, don't get us caught right now.
Anna Bakhmatova: And the cop immediately looked at it and saw, and he's like, what is that, and my fiance lied and said it's hash.
Anna Bakhmatova: And then the officer just on my reaction and looked at me and said, so what really is that tell me the truth. And I told them was heroin and they handcuffed us in sadhus outside my car and they found my tiny piece of heroin. So I got to charge for heroin possession like
Anna Bakhmatova: Two months ago. Yeah, so it's
Anna Bakhmatova: It's totally unfair to because it was actually being responsible and safe and not not using at that moment, you know, so it just really sucks but
Anna Bakhmatova: I'm I'm
Anna Bakhmatova: I'm slowly handling everything I have a lawyer. I'm trying to get through it right now. I actually am about to start DUI school. Once this pandemic is over. If it ever ends.
Anna Bakhmatova: So we'll see. And I'm paying restitution. Also, I mean it really sucks, but I'm doing what I can to get back on track. And this is one of the major steps I need to take
For
Michael Hoefer: Have you ever had an overdose, never. No.
Anna Bakhmatova: Never, never in my life.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: You've never injected so you
Anna Bakhmatova: Know, never, like I said, I'm too scared to inject I've seen people use it before in front of me and I see how high they get, you know, and just pass out immediately. And that's just scary to me. I can't get
Anna Bakhmatova: That high I'm too scared. I wouldn't wake up.
Anna Bakhmatova: And it's a whole different thing when you're shooting straight into your veins to as opposed to smoking so
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
Anna Bakhmatova: It's too scary for me.
Michael Hoefer: Know you use any other
Michael Hoefer: Other than
Anna Bakhmatova: Just, just weed. Occasionally, and that's just to ease the you know the anxiety I have when I'm withdrawing, but there's an issue with that as well. My mom is completely against lead as well. You know, so it's just really hard for me.
Michael Hoefer: And give me that. Okay.
Anna Bakhmatova: You know, honestly mess. Occasionally. That was more recent because we were obviously we were smoking so much heroin each day that we were just cashing out
Anna Bakhmatova: All the time. You know, so we would just smoke a little bit of math with it, just to stay awake, but it's not like I'm severely addicted to it, you know.
Anna Bakhmatova: Meth head, you know. No, it's just so I would stay away, but I mean it's not an issue. I can stop, you know, no problem. But heroines big issue with me.
Michael Hoefer: Any homes.
Anna Bakhmatova: And not for like four years.
Anna Bakhmatova: Already has which is funny because before I was 21 I was drinking so much every day. And now that I'm like past 21 I'm just completely over it and
Anna Bakhmatova: You know, alcohol, just not my thing.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, you got it out of your system.
Anna Bakhmatova: Well, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, yeah.
Anna Bakhmatova: Well, it's really funny too because you know my Russian family that's all they really do is drink vodka, you know, so all the family holidays everybody just has your mouth to the floor like on is not drinking right now really like no I don't want to drink.
Michael Hoefer: You smoke cigarettes tobacco.
Anna Bakhmatova: Cigarettes. Yes, that's been on and off since I was
Anna Bakhmatova: 12 honestly yeah really messed up story. My mom actually got me addicted to cigarettes 12 years old.
Anna Bakhmatova: she overheard that I had tried a cigarette at school. So she bought a carton of cigarettes and it just chain smoke that whole carton.
Anna Bakhmatova: And after that I just been hooked on cigarettes and it's hard to stop you know that's one thing that's like my crutch, you know, the only thing that's not getting me high that's like
Anna Bakhmatova: You know, calming me down and or just like letting me relieve some stress for a few minutes and get away from whatever situation. And then, you know, so that's that's kind of out of the question of stopping right now, you know cigarettes are all I have.
Anna Bakhmatova: About half a pack a day right now. Okay. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Um, and I have you ever, you know, been diagnosed with them. You feel like you have any psychiatric mental health issues.
Anna Bakhmatova: Just anxiety. You know, I have really bad anxiety issues and
Anna Bakhmatova: I've had Xanax here in there just to calm me down because I've had severe anxiety attacks were literally just hyperventilating and crying and can't talk. So, I mean, the Xanax helps, but it's
Anna Bakhmatova: It's not even my prescription is my grandmas and I've never had my own prescription. And I know that's not legal. And I know I'm not supposed to be saying that but
Anna Bakhmatova: It's literally the only thing that helps me when I have major anxiety attacks and I actually want to get more
Anna Bakhmatova: For myself, I want to get a prescription. I just don't know how to go about doing it. And honestly, I literally I'm in the middle of getting my medical renewed right now, so I don't even have insurance at the moment so
Michael Hoefer: Awesome. Okay, so you're out of pocket.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, unfortunately, I got the prices from the pharmacist today for the Suboxone it. Oh my god, she was saying is 322 99 for 30
Michael Hoefer: Wow.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, I
Anna Bakhmatova: I'm one of the
Michael Hoefer: Like
Michael Hoefer: What's up detects that'll be the cheapest that'll be just an orphan.
Michael Hoefer: But
Michael Hoefer: But that's usually if you're paying out of pocket. That's the best
Michael Hoefer: And then you just, you know, you don't have a
Michael Hoefer: History of inject
Michael Hoefer: With this, make sure you don't inject it okay with
Anna Bakhmatova: Absolutely not. No. No. Right. It's, I can't even believe people do that, you know, I just I can't even come to terms with that, honestly. Our team is actually telling me earlier, there's a clinic in Vallejo, that they will pay pay for the Suboxone for me so I don't have to pay for it.
Anna Bakhmatova: Oh yeah so I mean that's an option too. But the issue is, I don't have a car right now. And the lady was like 30 minutes for me and like I said and quarantined at home and my mom is just on me non stop. So I like it's it's hard to get out of the house.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Um, so, how often do you have these panic attacks.
Anna Bakhmatova: I'm honestly it's pretty much when I don't have the heroin, because the heroin pretty much numbs me out and I don't feel any emotion, you know, and that's pretty much what the deal is of it to me all this time is just numbing out
Anna Bakhmatova: From my life and just not having a care in the world, you know, and
Michael Hoefer: Then
Michael Hoefer: Have the teenager before you started using
Anna Bakhmatova: Well, oh my god, I've been through a lot in my life. I've had a lot of trauma in my childhood. My parents divorced when I was 13
Anna Bakhmatova: And my stepdad was an abusive alcoholic. So, I mean, it started early and I actually my mom sent me to rehab in the middle of the Nevada desert for 17 months for high school
Anna Bakhmatova: And I mean if you look up that school on Google right now. It literally says children's prison. So, I mean,
Anna Bakhmatova: That should just be an attest to what kind of school. It was
Anna Bakhmatova: So, I mean, I've had a lot of trauma and I managed to get through it, you know, but I mean I feel like that's where all the anxieties developed from over the years.
Michael Hoefer: It is the trauma been physical, emotional, sexual, all of them.
Anna Bakhmatova: I'd say all honestly. Yeah. And honestly, like a about six months ago, I actually got raped by my one of my dealers and
Anna Bakhmatova: That's just been eating away at me because I really have not many people to talk to you about it and it's really embarrassing, you know,
Anna Bakhmatova: So it's just been emotionally draining and I have taken Xanax in the last few days, just because it's like that keeps coming up, you know, and it's just hard to deal with.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, it's terrible. Sorry.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, and especially that process can continue to drive the heroin use to number now and along you kind of avoided. Sometimes the bigger can get over that.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, either more bottles up, the more it builds up
Michael Hoefer: Um, do you have things like nightmares or flashbacks, or things like that. I
Anna Bakhmatova: Actually, I have not had nightmares or dreams for
Anna Bakhmatova: I'd say since I started the opiate usage, six years ago, I haven't had a single dream or nightmare and kind of sucks. You know, I miss having dreams and
Anna Bakhmatova: Even nightmares. Honestly, I mean it feel like it's a healthy balance when you have nightmares in your life, but
Anna Bakhmatova: I haven't had either for about six years now, five, six years. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And how do you sleep. Okay.
Anna Bakhmatova: Right now, honestly. No, I'm not even sleeping. I mean like I told you I relapsed a few days ago and I just finished my stuff this morning. So this is back to square one day one of withdrawal.
Anna Bakhmatova: So I just know already that I'm not going to sleep at all. Tonight, or the next four days, or five, it's just absolute hell, honestly.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: I'm okay. How about you know things like are you able to be in large crowds of people are you allow sound goes off.
Anna Bakhmatova: I actually prefer to be in large crowds, because I don't like being alone, very much. I've always been
Anna Bakhmatova: I don't know, that kind of seen person you know we're parties crowds, that's my thing. You know, I don't. I just don't like being alone.
Anna Bakhmatova: I like being surrounded by people. I like you know people distracting me from my head and my emotions and that's the best way to do it. You know, being surrounded by friends.
Anna Bakhmatova: So, I mean, the quarantine is really killing me in that sense to that I'm not getting any social interaction and I make like 1000 video calls a day but so over it.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, so then some kind of background history. Have you ever seen a psychiatrist or therapist.
Anna Bakhmatova: Before a long, long time ago and it was forced upon me by my Russian mother.
Anna Bakhmatova: So it wasn't even by choice, you know, is because I was a minor and she just forced me to start going, but after I turned 18 I stopped going, obviously.
Michael Hoefer: I mean it's it's
Anna Bakhmatova: It was a little bit helpful but like I told you, as I was in
Anna Bakhmatova: The rehab in the middle of the desert for 17 months that trauma has stayed with me because all they did is drill into your head about a and 12 steps, you know, and
Anna Bakhmatova: And therapy and all that 20 477 days a week, you know, so I mean I just I can't do that, you know,
Anna Bakhmatova: Traditional therapy anymore and that's why this program was so appealing to me because it's just a completely different you know take on opiate addiction and the different way to approach it, and they like this approach.
Michael Hoefer: Right, Greg. And have you ever been prescribed any like any depressants or anti anxiety medication.
Anna Bakhmatova: I actually have not
Anna Bakhmatova: It's just a surprise. I've had a lot of anxiety medication. Over the years, but I've never had my own prescription
Anna Bakhmatova: And mainly because ever since I turned, you know, got past 26 and got off of my parent's insurance. I've had a lot of time where I just haven't had medical insurance, you know, just good I can't afford it.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. And have you ever been on a 5050 or
Anna Bakhmatova: Never, never, I am proud to say I've never lost my mind like that.
Michael Hoefer: That's good. And have you ever had a suicide attempts.
Anna Bakhmatova: No, never.
Michael Hoefer: You have any medical issues that we need to know about.
Anna Bakhmatova: I just have Hs. We want an HST to herpes type one and two and that's from a previous partner who didn't tell me he was sick, and I found out from the doctor that I have it so.
Michael Hoefer: And you take like a security thing ever. For
Anna Bakhmatova: A cycle of area. Yeah, that's what I have and it's only for breakouts, you know, so it's not like I'm taking it every single day. It's just at this point it's been like
Anna Bakhmatova: Seven years that I've had it, you know. So I just know my body and I know when it's starting to have an outbreak. So that's the only time may take it. But other than that, nothing else.
Michael Hoefer: You don't take any other medications or other supplements.
Anna Bakhmatova: Nothing, just the
Anna Bakhmatova: Heroin and occasional Xanax when my grandma gives me some to
Anna Bakhmatova: Calm down.
Michael Hoefer: In the surgical history right surgeries.
Anna Bakhmatova: No, no surgeries, knock on wood.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah hopefully I don't break anything
Michael Hoefer: He allergy medication.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. Oh, some more background questions. Where were you born. Where did you grow up.
Anna Bakhmatova: I grew up. I was born in Moscow, Russia and we moved to San Francisco in 1995 and I grew up in San Francisco, and we moved to Novato, about six years ago.
Anna Bakhmatova: And it's like 35 minutes away from San Francisco and my mom partially did that to get me away from all my old friends and the old crowds. But I mean it didn't really work because we're all still friends. I just live further away and it's much more convenient.
Anna Bakhmatova: Harder to make friends when you're at 30 years old and you just get dropped into a brand new town, you know, and no absolutely no one
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, yeah, it's not really far enough away, either.
Anna Bakhmatova: But yeah, yeah, that's
Michael Hoefer: Valley, so I
Anna Bakhmatova: Know I'm over here telling you, like, oh, it's over here, this far away from the city and you're right next to me or my neighbor.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah so. So yeah, it's not really, I understand, you know, the thought. But it's far enough away.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, how far along.
Anna Bakhmatova: Would you say I'm sorry you broke up.
Michael Hoefer: On overall how how far along. Did you go in school.
Anna Bakhmatova: I actually graduated high school and I did about four years of Community College and then just gave up.
Anna Bakhmatova: Okay. Yeah, but I have like it. I mean, I'm pretty much halfway done with my general education degree. So, I mean, at least I have some college under my belt.
Michael Hoefer: And how was school for you.
Anna Bakhmatova: Um, it was really anxiety ridden, it was a little much. You know, it's just overwhelming because of you know what what's expected of you in school and just staying consistent with the
Anna Bakhmatova: Schedule every single day. I mean, I was going to school full time, I was taking five classes like 40 units a semester. So it was just insane, you know,
Anna Bakhmatova: And it was just getting to be too much and it was mainly because my mother pressured me to go and
Anna Bakhmatova: There's just more to appeal to her and make her happy. But it's always been such an anxiety ridden thing for me. But I've always managed to get good grades. I mean, I have a 4.0 GPA and in community college so
Anna Bakhmatova: I mean, that's good. But as you can't motivate myself to get back, especially with opiate addiction. It's really hard to even think about school. You know, so
Michael Hoefer: And what was the work that you were doing earlier that
Anna Bakhmatova: It was it was a construction company. And I'm actually I have a lot of experience in the legal field in the accounting field. I've done all kinds of work than actually pretty smart. When I don't do drugs, you know, so
Anna Bakhmatova: I mean, I've got a head on my shoulders and I have great resume, but with opiate addiction, it's just completely screwed me over and
Anna Bakhmatova: I lost all my chances to have a successful career right now with opiate addiction and
Anna Bakhmatova: I honestly can't. It's really unfair. I can't even get a decent job right now because every time they run my background check when I'm about to get employed.
Anna Bakhmatova: After the interview went great. And everything the DUI comes up in the background check, and then they just don't give me the time of day again.
Michael Hoefer: And any have you ever been married any kids anything
Anna Bakhmatova: Nope, not married, no kids, thank God.
Anna Bakhmatova: I'm sorry if you have kids, I'm sorry, but
Anna Bakhmatova: Really not the time.
Michael Hoefer: 38 so I
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And I understand people not having kids.
Anna Bakhmatova: I mean, with a I just can't see myself having a child as a drug addict. You know, so
Anna Bakhmatova: I couldn't do that to my child. I mean, after what I've been through, even with my, you know, a call, except that I could never see myself doing that to get, you know,
Well,
Michael Hoefer: And how do you support yourself financially. These days, you get
Anna Bakhmatova: Honestly, I started
Anna Bakhmatova: hustling. About two years ago. I like I told you I go to only the Hondurans in the Tenderloin
Anna Bakhmatova: And I figured out a hustle for myself where I haven't. I've literally not paid for heroin for the last two years, and they get a gram a day.
Anna Bakhmatova: And that's because I started driving the dealers from Oakland to San Francisco, so they can work on in the Tenderloin and then at like 3am and drive them back to Oakland and they give me a gram pay for my gas pay for my food pay for everything I need. You know, so
Anna Bakhmatova: That's what this part of the reason why it's been so hard to stop. You know, it's completely different when you get everything for free.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, so it makes it that much harder.
Michael Hoefer: But it sounds like it's also gotten increasingly at least without one time increasingly safe.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I actually haven't talked to that dealer. Again, I have. It's really bad. I'm at the point where if they just want down Turk and hide there's 30 people calling my name out to me. You know, it's really bad.
Anna Bakhmatova: It's really bad.
Michael Hoefer: Oh yeah okay and then family history anybody in your family with a history of psychiatric issues that you know
Anna Bakhmatova: I'm honestly my grandma has really really severe anxiety and that's why she has a Xanax, you know, but she's like
Anna Bakhmatova: I don't even know if she's bipolar or what but she's very unstable and she I think all of my history, my medical history comes from her, you know, and I feel like it's it's been passed down to me, you know, and I feel like I relate to my grandma in that sense.
Michael Hoefer: So you guys, so she's a support for you guys.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, yeah, but lately. She's just, you know, my mom's been
Anna Bakhmatova: Blah, blah, blah, in her ear. You know, so my grandma was completely against the Suboxone to but I mean, the first time I mentioned it before she talked to my mom, she said, I'll pay for the Suboxone program and then she talked to my mom and came back and said I'm not getting used to boxing.
Anna Bakhmatova: You know, so
Michael Hoefer: And do you have any siblings.
Anna Bakhmatova: I have a little sister. It's been really hard for me, you know, she's not stupid, she can see me withdrawing and that's part of the reason why I'm so scared to start withdrawing again because I don't want her to see that.
Anna Bakhmatova: And I don't want her to know what her sister has been doing, you know, she's 13 years old and
Anna Bakhmatova: I don't want to be that example.
Anna Bakhmatova: You know that she's, of course, they know she's looking up to me and they just don't want her to know what I'm doing.
Michael Hoefer: This is a good motivator.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, yeah. Oh, big, big, big, big motivator.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. Excellent. Well, those are the main question that need to ask you for intake process.
Michael Hoefer: To see you being so forthcoming and honest about it. Yeah.
Anna Bakhmatova: No thank you. It's nice to actually talk to someone that's not you know a friend that's not going to judge me and just can hear me out and
Anna Bakhmatova: Let me talk
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, yeah. Um. And was there anything that I left out or anything.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, so I just had a question a couple of questions. I noticed that I got in the email but I have to do a blood test and I don't know how I'm going to do that. Honestly I can't get out of the house.
Anna Bakhmatova: I have no idea how I'm going to do that.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, I wouldn't worry too much about that now.
Michael Hoefer: I think with the shelter in place, things are people are
Anna Bakhmatova: A bit more lenient
Michael Hoefer: And you're paying out of pocket, and I think that's just not
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, so I wouldn't worry too much about it.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and I'll put I'll put in my notice kind of that we spoke about it.
Anna Bakhmatova: Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. And so what would the next steps be like, what would we have another video conference in like a week or something, or how, how does the process work from here.
Michael Hoefer: Great question. So what I can do is once we get off the line here is I can put it on an electronic prescription or Suboxone to you to remember pharmacy you like
Anna Bakhmatova: Preferably CVS and 2035 Novato Boulevard, because it's like two blocks from my house.
Michael Hoefer: Great. Okay.
Anna Bakhmatova: And is it possible, I know that. I mean, I told you I've used Suboxone before in the past. I actually really prefer the sublingual film as opposed to the pill, just because it's hard for me to swallow pills.
Michael Hoefer: Yes, I'm totally fine with that.
Michael Hoefer: It's just a matter of it may be more expensive.
Anna Bakhmatova: I already discussed all the pricing and everything. And actually, the pharmacist gave me a tip and showed me a website where they have coupons for Suboxone
Anna Bakhmatova: Depending on how much you're going to prescribe me I'll get I have like all the coupons for each
Anna Bakhmatova: Amount each quantity of Suboxone you know
Michael Hoefer: Oh, cool.
Anna Bakhmatova: All right, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: You got he got this off that
Anna Bakhmatova: Yes, I've got it all figured out I well I mean what what the people that were doing my intake earlier and setting up my appointment with you. They told me you know get prepared for your appointment.
Anna Bakhmatova: And go ahead and call pharmacies ahead of time, get the prices figured out so you know which which pharmacy want it sent to for the doctor so I mean I'm just making your process a little easier.
Michael Hoefer: Yes, I appreciate that. Great. So, um, so, yeah, I can give you the film's for the intake appointment. I can only give you one week of prescriptions.
Anna Bakhmatova: Okay. Okay, so that's seven right
Michael Hoefer: Yes, I will do is, I'll give you 14 films. So you walk into a day.
Anna Bakhmatova: 14 pounds. Okay, and
Anna Bakhmatova: Is that, is that the eight milligram or the formula grammar.
Michael Hoefer: Eight milligram film.
Anna Bakhmatova: Okay. Okay, great.
Michael Hoefer: And the way you want to start them is remind me when the last time you had any opiates was
Anna Bakhmatova: This morning. This morning was the last time.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, so I mean like I told you if I if I can't get the prescription. Today I'm
Anna Bakhmatova: Definitely going to be in withdrawal tonight for the night, but I'm hoping I can sneak out at some point and get to the pharmacy two blocks away and get it.
Michael Hoefer: And how long in the past that you waited till you took your first Suboxone
Anna Bakhmatova: I actually every time I've had Suboxone it's always been right when I'm like looking for heroin. You know, so it's not just been like, to the point where I'm withdrawing terribly before I take it in. It's before the withdrawals start getting really bad.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and you've been bond. You've never precipitated withdrawal.
Anna Bakhmatova: No, no.
Great.
Michael Hoefer: So the last time we did it this morning we usually recommend so you get into mild to moderate withdrawal, probably by this evening, great. If not tomorrow morning.
Anna Bakhmatova: Okay, yeah.
Anna Bakhmatova: Let me, let me just see one second. Sorry, I'm going to see how much 14 are going to be. I have the coupons right here. So yeah, with the coupon. It's only 3982 for a week.
Anna Bakhmatova: Cool. So it's not bad at all. I mean, she really came through for me.
Anna Bakhmatova: Telling you that little secret.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, just say that my my
Michael Hoefer: Electronic health record here it's showing like prescription saver coupon.
Anna Bakhmatova: Here. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah. So I mean, as opposed to $322 that's much better.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, so I can put that in. And then, you know, just before you take them no food or drink for 15 minutes
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah.
Anna Bakhmatova: Yeah, just so it can dissolve and everything. Yeah, I know, I know, I know how the process works. I've actually I did the Methadone clinic for like two weeks and
Anna Bakhmatova: Driving to Richmond at seven in the morning, every day. And that just not working out for me, you know, it's just too much.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, that's good. I'm really excited about this program.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. Have you ever tried on track zone at all the
Anna Bakhmatova: I have an honestly Suboxone my main preference. Honestly, it's the only one that doesn't get me high but it just like cancels out the withdrawals. You know, so I just feel normal. You know, I don't feel like I'm on opiates and I just don't get sick and
Michael Hoefer: Make the shot.
Michael Hoefer: Oral Naltrexone
Michael Hoefer: That world. Oh.
Anna Bakhmatova: They gave it to me at the hospital, one time and
Anna Bakhmatova: I mean it didn't like it. It everything. But Suboxone it's just not for me.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. Do you have any questions about side effects from Suboxone or how long to stay on it or
Anna Bakhmatova: Anything. No, no. I mean, it's pretty clear. I've done my research on it. I've taken it enough times to know
Anna Bakhmatova: How it works and everything, but I am really, really excited that this is this is my program. I'm in this program. Thank you for taking the time to talk to me. It's, it's just major I've actually gotten a few other friends into this program in the last few days to so
Michael Hoefer: Cool.
Anna Bakhmatova: Trying to help as many people as I can. Right now it's like my quarantine goal right now is to save my friends lives.
Michael Hoefer: And is your end as far as your Fiance's you can get into.
Anna Bakhmatova: I'm actually about to get in touch with Jeffrey after we get off the phone so I can get
Anna Bakhmatova: Him into the program as well. I'm trying to get them into Bret Hart as well because he's also quarantined at home and can't leave. So hopefully he gets to talk to you as well.
Michael Hoefer: Oh cool, that'd be great.
Michael Hoefer: For Jeffrey. Yeah.
Anna Bakhmatova: I know his, his name is Patrick
Michael Hoefer: Patrick. OK, Jerry.
Anna Bakhmatova: Jeffrey's my connection that connected me to Bret Hart.
Cool.
Anna Bakhmatova: Thank you for your help. I really appreciate it.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, absolutely. So, um, I will, I will go put in the prescription. Now, it's very nice meeting you.
Anna Bakhmatova: Very nice to meet you too. I hope we get to have another appointment soon.
Michael Hoefer: Yes i. So, I will have a one unfortunate thing about that is I am only doing intakes
Anna Bakhmatova: Oh,
Anna Bakhmatova: That's such a bummer.
Michael Hoefer: We made it. We basically each other. We live in the same, you know, we may
Anna Bakhmatova: We live in the same county, who knows.
Anna Bakhmatova: What's his quarantines over who knows
Michael Hoefer: We have very good. We will connect you with a therapist position, somebody will reach out from our clinic in the next day or two to just check is you connected with the next steps.
Michael Hoefer: Great. And I really wish you the best of luck.
Anna Bakhmatova: Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
Anna Bakhmatova: Have a great rest of your day.
Anna Bakhmatova: Bye. Thank you. Bye.